I would love to purchase a Nintendo system. Will you guys be selling anymore soon? Please help a momma out. 
these reviews are mostly fake.. there is more reviews then the number of box for the NES classic released.. 

Cannot buy anywhere!
Is there any way I can get my hands on it!!! Soooo upsetting!!
Gave this as a Christmas gift for 40 year old son. Claims it is the best gift he has ever had, even beats the original. Loves all the games and back to being addicted. My Daughter in Law is now a Nintendo widow and hands off rule to the kids. This is a must have for all you retro gamers, the kids of today think these games are too hard. Hahaha. Adults rule. Very cool of Nintendo to do this.
When will you get more? So I&#39;ll get one.
This is a poor quality product and that is if it is even available in stock. They are over charging for something that isn&#39;t even worth the price.
I love punch out 
The product is never available online or in store, so why even bother? 
like feels really cheap and it was there for a day and the kids messed it up trying to open the door...its not built well at all not worth. 30# bucks much less 79...it will go down price hopefully because i would not pay more than 50 for this and im a huge collector i have every console almost.  im telling u  that u can get a controller that has a built in screen that plays all Sega master and genesis games and another that plays all nes games for 50 bucks they are called the Gopher. Its legal. N the tv hookup is awesome. I love my little gopher i used to use my super card on my ds it works amazing best bet but i want to buy games i feel that getting it for free is not rewarding plus its stealing so i dont wanna get in trouble. I hope this helps
Do you know if any more of these units are going to be released again ?
Do you know if there going to ship anymore of these or was it a one time thing? 
Excellent retro console, with the added ability to save your position in each game.  Fun for the kids, fun for the adults. Cord length could be longer, but a couple of  extension cables did the trick.
K like nah fam
I&#39;ve yet to see Best Buy even sell one of these.  Check every day and it&#39;s never available.  Now they say it&#39;s not available anymore.

Tired of waiting on Best Buy for anything.  Will start taking my business elsewhere.
I love this product. I haven't been a big fan of Nintendo's work these past few years but this is a console that clearly appeals to me: It has a great selection of classic games, is easy to use and has perfect aesthetics.

The interface is very simple and it gives the user the possibility to save your progression anywhere in any game in up to 4 slots per game. The screen ratio is a classic 4:3 but there are optional filters to have a "pixel perfect" image or a retro vibe with CRT refresh lines. The controller feels almost the same as the original and the gameplay and even bugs, lag and visual glitches are all there in their retro glory.

The only major problem, for me, is the controller's cable length. At 2.5 foot long, it is way to short to enjoy properly. The HDMI and power cables that are included aren't long enough so that you can move the console around the living room so you either have to sit close to the TV like in the good old days or you need to get a longer HDMI cable and a power cable extension to be able to sit at a reasonable distance (which I did).

Another issue, which wouldn't be an issue for everyone, is that the only input is HDMI so you can't directly plug it in an old TV, which I would've loved to do.

Overall it's a great investment. I can now play classic games with my daughter without the fear that she'll mess up my console settings or that she unknowingly buys stuff using my account on modern consoles or PC. It probably could've been better, it sure isn't revolutionary but it's amazing for what it is: a plug and play solution for classic NES games.
Great system - brings back memories.
Exactly like the original.. the only reason it doesn't have 5 stars is because of the really short length of the controller cord - you have to sit very close to your TV.

Apart from that - expect nothing less than the awesomeness of the original NES!
Worth every penny. Super easy to use, save anywhere feature is great.  Only gripe is the length of the controller cables.  But entirely worth putting up with for this many amazing games.
The system is fantastic; the only downside is the length of the cord on the controller. You will want to buy a cord extender.
I could go on for hours about how great this system is, but I'll save that for my book..haha jk.

Seriously, though, It's better than I had hoped for, and I love it!

I took 1 star off, not because, the controller cable length, (there's actually a good technical reason behind that involving limitations of the communication protocol used, basically, it was meant for accessories connecting to the Wii Mote, not to go directly to a console) but because of the selection of games. 

Now don't get me wrong, this has the best selection of titles that any clone system has ever had. I just feel some of the games they added were not as great as ones they could have added, but that's just my personal opinion.

Games that I personally would have liked to see included with the system are; Dragon Warrior, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Arcade Game, Blades of Steel, Rad Racer, and River City Ransom. Of course there's many more, but I was shocked to see these titles left out, some more than others.

It's a shame the system doesn't have an official method for adding new games from the Nintendo e-Shop. I can't help but wonder if Nintendo will simply release another version with a different game selection. I'm also waiting for them to release the SNES Classic Edition, and who knows maybe even a N64 Classic Edition.
This thing brings back all of my childhood memories of plying Nintendo without having to fuss with the cartridges. My only complaint is the cable length. Why did they make the controller cables so short?! Do yourself a favor and buy the cable extensions and maybe a hdmi extension as well.
I love this little thing! A great selection of NES games in an adorable little NES box. The build is solid and the controller feels just like a classic Nes.

My biggest hang up is the cord length, and there's a few missing games I'd like to see such as Ice Hockey and Duck Tales.
An absolute nightmare to get my hands on a unit. Timing is everything. Once it arrived and I held this little mini it was pure love! Such a retro feel. So well done. The sounds, the pixels all bringing back childhood memories my own children and now enjoying ! Will gladly have my kids enjoy these classic games vs today's 'video' options. Now for a second joystick.
What's not to love?

Well, let's start with the included controller. At around 2.5" in length, the controller cable is really adding to the nostalgic experience of sitting too close to you TV.  A 6-10ft cord would have been nice.
- 1 Star

Tip: Rather than spending more money on an extension cord, opt for a wireless controller from Nyko, or MyArcade (Recommended).

Next, how about that it doesn't appear to "Officially" support adding more games. There's also no internet connectivity, so no E-Shop. The included HDMI Cable is also a lot thicker then it needs to be, and a thinner higher gauge cable would have been nice. Also, for someone unknown reason, Dragon Warrior didn't make the cut for the list of 30 Games! I'm still shocked by this.
- 1 Star

P.S.
If you order this online it comes in a bubble envelope, and mine was squished :(
I bought this along with a second controller and I was very excited for it to arrive in the mail.  Plugged it all in, sat 3 feet from the TV due to the short controller length and started to play some games.

Wife and I were pretty bored after about 20 minutes of playing some of the more popular games.  Then we put it away and did something else.

This is over-hyped for the game selection, only a few multi-player games and some are not worth playing.
This system is an absolute blast to play! The games that come pre-loaded are some of my favourites from the original NES! It includes the first 3 Mario games, Zelda, Donkey Kong, and other fan favourites! A perfect gift for any Nintendo or retro game fan, as well as for kids! Some games may be a tad difficult for kids/beginners but it's a good challenge!

My only complaint is the length of the controller cables. They are very short so I needed to buy a longer hdmi cord to make the system and controllers reach my couch. :)
Awesome....just awesome.
Wait in line before store's opening and totally worth it! So much fun! Love it!
Wow, I'm able to relive my childhood and share with my daughter these included games!

The console is really small, the one included controller is very short. The console is powered bu a micro USB cable and wall wart. 

This must be a first world problem, just swapped out the HDMI cable and removable micro USB cable with a 10 feet cable so the console is in easier reach. At least it works for me. I have a Wii classic controller that works with the NES Classic just saved myself from buying a second controller when it becomes available.
Overall a great laptop. I ordered it online after having to return my old Asus laptop  i got for Christmas because the keys and track-pad didn't work. This computer has good ram and loads things quickly. The speaker is fair, not as loud as i thought it would be but still pretty good. the only thing bad about my whole experience was the customer service ive received from best buy. I gave the store the nickname "cant buy" because everything ive been looking for was never in stock or online. I find myself wasting time running to this store looking for items such as laptops and speakers. All and all, trying to get this product was a huge hassle having to deal with delayed workers and multiple online support workers. The product is good, the customer service was poor.
Great mid range laptop, especially for the price overall a great buy.
Purchased this product during the holidays.  Touch pad is unpredictable. Sometimes the cursor will move or sometimes is doesn&#39;t do anything. Then sometimes a slightest touch causes the cursor to move or send an email.
Updates happen whenever it feels like doing it, even if you are in the middle of writing a report the system will shutdown.
Bought this for my wife at Christmas.  Got it setup but noticed the battery life is only 2hours?  I&#39;m wondering if we should take this one back - I&#39;m a little worried that out of the box this should be considerably longer.  Having some unexpected sleep issues and it have had some lag steaming videos online.  I&#39;d like to say this is a great computer but I&#39;m little worried we may have received a lemon.
Purchased the for ASUS X-Series 15.6&quot; Laptop - Black (AMD Quad Core A10-9600P / 1TB HDD / 12GB RAM / Windows 10) right before Christmas on sale and think I got a good deal. it arrive in the first week of January.

Laptop is running fine, but I am unable to use the function keys and not sure what to do. Will have to search the internet for a solution to this problem, when I get the time to do it.

You would think that this would already be set up. Kind of frustrating and disappointing actually.
I recently bought this laptop for gaming/video editing. It is perfect since it has great ram and storage. I would totally recommend this laptop for gamers as well as students. It is a great laptop for a great price, would totally recommend it. 
I bought this during Black Friday to replace an older Dell XPS 15 laptop I&#39;ve had for years. While that one was performance based and cost a lot more, this one has held up quite well. It does everything I need it to do (web browsing, watching videos and etc). This laptop isn&#39;t a gaming one so it isn&#39;t recommended for that. My only con is that the battery life isn&#39;t the greatest. It&#39;s roughly 2 hours or so and the battery itself is built into the motherboard so it isn&#39;t replaceable. That being said, built-in batteries are seeming to become the norm. Overall, excellent laptop for the specs and price point
Bought a new laptop went home it didnt work .exchanged and bought again still it had problems.had to return it .so very disappointed
Since I&#39;ve only had the unit for a few weeks I really don&#39;t know how well it will last, perform etc. but to date it seems just fine, regards, Steve.
Battery life is less than 2 hrs I returned the laptop ! I do not recommend this product unless you never intend to unplug it!
Purchased this laptop to replace my old desktop that is on it&#39;s last legs. I do not consider myself to be a computer expert, but do know enough that I should be able to work through most issues. 
The laptop that arrived was not was pictured.  The keyboard is not a English only keyboard - includes French as well as English. 
When I tried to load my existing programs onto Windows 10, I experienced several problems.  The Mail service that comes with Windows 10 is crap.  They want you to update to Office 365 (at a cost of course).  I loaded on my Office 2007 programs and wanted to use Outlook 2007 as my default email client.  However, regardless of what I try to do, I cannot seem to get Windows 10 to recognize this email client as a choice as a default program.  So, I have to use the Window 10 mail client as the default for the computer (for use when emailing while on the internet) - and use my Office 2007 as my go to email client for everyday use. (not the laptop&#39;s fault, just my pet peeve with Windows 10).
The touch pad is not very good.  The left clicker sticks occasionally and the enter function is hit and miss. Fortunately for me, I will be hooking this up to a docking station and will not need to use the touchpad much. 
Finally, the speakers on this laptop are very poor.  They produce an extremely tinny sound.  Unfortunately, there is no equalizer available on the laptop to adjust sound quality.   I would definitely not recommend this unit if you plan to watch movies or play games using the laptop speakers. 
If I did not already spend considerable time loading programs and troubleshooting the Windows 10 issues, I would definitely considering returning this unit and look for something else.
Advertised as a Radeon R6 graphics chip but the one I purchased was actually an R5. I returned it..
This laptop is perfect for casual gaming, Working, and streaming videos. It is fast and responsive and has plenty of storage
It&#39;s listed as having a Radeon R6 gpu. Got it home and found it was actually a Radeon R5 gpu. Performance was less than desired but likely fine for most users. I returned it.
One annoying design flaw - the power switch is right above the escape key which resulted in turning off the computer accidentally a few times right in the middle of something.
i got this laptop 2 weeks ago used every day has not  crashed or slowed down on any of my games i play as like to play games battery is alright it tends to die in 4 hours that is my down side only on this laptop. this  i totally recommend this asus to a friend or who is in school.
Its overall a good, fast laptop. Only negative is the battery is pretty weak.
Purchased for wife &amp; these are my initial findings after a couple of days use:
Easiest laptop to set up of 4 I&#39;ve purchased in last 10 years. 
Very little bloatware. 
12G Ram makes it pretty quick for browsing and playing video (I&#39;m not a gamer so can&#39;t speak of that fitness for use).
Good fit and finish. Like the keyboard layout &amp; spacing of keys.
Decent touchpad (but generally use a mouse anyways)
nice specs with affordable price.. working very fine now.. just bought all the way from canada to philippines.. thanks to my cousin ... 
There are very few things to like about this laptop, and I will mention them first.
Pros:
- Fairly fast performance (although CPU maxes out really quickly)
- Lots of RAM (not very useful because the CPU bottlenecks it)
- Lots of storage

Cons: 
- Slow 5400 rpm hard-drive 
- Potato quality webcam (people might not even recognize your face if you&#39;re a few feet away from the screen)
- No touchscreen, back-lit keyboard, and screen is not full HD
- Battery life is absolutely garbage (lasts an hour an a half or so on lowest brightness)
- Fans are constantly running (not too loud, but most new laptops keep the fan off until heavy tasks are running)
- Says it has &quot;ice cool technology&quot; but palm rests still get uncomfortably hot to the point where it&#39;s not pleasant for me to type this right now
- Build quality is poor, and very flimsy

Overall, I&#39;ve had it for a week and I absolutely hate it. Will be returning it, and getting something else instead. Never owned ASUS laptop before, but this will definitely be the last one.
It is nice looking and average laptop for the price with AMD A10 9600 and 16gb for work and home use.
I got this laptop on sale and considering the specs it was a good deal. It is not worth the regular price. Also the website is incorrect, this comes with an R5 graphics processor not an R6 as noted by Bestbuy&#39;s site. The screen is not so great. Lots of ghosting and not quite clear. The keyboard is also English and French so the Shift buttons are really small. 

I am pleased with it so far.
It doesn&#39;t have a lot of nice features like touch screen and backlit keyboard, but performance is solid, with no lags when running multiple applications (chrome, photoshop, spotify, etc). If you can get this on sale and don&#39;t really care about the extra features, then this is a good choice.
Bought this product last week. It keeps blacking out, very slow. I will bring back &amp; change it for a Hp model
bOUGHT THIS LABTOP LAST WEEK , IT ALREADY BLACKED OUT. pLEASE STAY AWAY FROM ASUS PRODUCTS.
I bought this for my dad in the hospital and it is complete garbage hard drive hangs at 100% seriously it is too good to be true.
and feels really cheap for the price it sounds good but trust me stay clear..
Just got this on sale. Totally worth the money I spent on this for school. The con would probably be how short the battery life is, but it&#39;s totally fine for me since I always have it on charge and don&#39;t go out with it often. The specs caught my eye especially when it&#39;s on sale too. No hardware or software issues found so far.
This laptop is super fast. The other details that are noticable like speakers to screen quality are excellent. We use this computer for basic stuff like Web browsing and word processing with ease. There is no lag and can view multiple windows with ads running without issue. Highly suggest this computer. Also, it is sleek style which is nice because it&#39;s not at all bulky.
Good price for these specs. I do a lot of streaming and this computer handles very well. Feels like a well built solid computer not as flimsy as some of the other &#39;budget&#39; computers out there. Very happy with this purchase
I have been a PC user my whole life and finally decided to make the switch to apple, could not be happier! It&#39;s only been a couple of weeks of using the mac but so far it&#39;s really impressed me. It&#39;s extremely quick, anything and everything you do on the computer loads quickly, you can run multiple functions without loosing strength. I&#39;m still getting used to the difference in functions but it doesn&#39;t take long, especially if you have other apple products like an ipad or even an iphone. I loovvee how all the devices are in sync with eachother, everything I need I can retrieve from any of my devices which makes it really convenient for my work. It&#39;s so thin and lightweight, easier to carry with you anywhere! I just use it for basic everyday use so I can&#39;t say much about the specs, all I know is my PC&#39;s were never this fast and they usually die out after a year or two. So worth the investment! :)
I&#39;m very happy with it, especially since I&#39;ve been a Mac user for over 10 yrs. now. The only thing I&#39;m not happy about is the fact that it doesn&#39;t have a CD drive, but that&#39;s ok. Price, quality, looks... they&#39;re all FANTASTIC! :)
Great computer- easy to navigate, excellent battery life and convenient when you have multiple Apple products. A bit pricey but well worth it. I would suggest this product to others.
If I had to buy any laptop in the entire world it would be this one!
I decided to switch to Apple for everything and bought i phone, i pad, computer and Apple TV.  They are fantastic high quality products.  Nice to have all correspond with each other, so easy to use.  My Macbook is still quite new to me compared to windows but I am learning every day.  Now that I switched over I am definitely an Apple fan.  I will write another review later once I acquire more knowledge of my computer but so far I am so pleased with all products.  The service at Best Buy in Timmins is phenomenal, the staff is always ready to help their customers and so patient in answering all questions.  Best Buy is the best place to purchase technology.
special product
awesome laptop! both my son and daughter have this model, they love it!
Good laptop, cheaper price than Apple store or university bookstore Apple reseller.
Easy order, 
Package arrived early than expect
Class one product very happy to own one till now no complains
Owned and used many Windows-based laptops (HP, Dell, Asus).  The build quality is superb and the battery life is amazing.  My only complaints would be related to price.  Apple doesn&#39;t give you much bang for the buck (like a 128 GB SSD).
I use it for everything I do and it works perfectly. It never lags and have a really good battery life. I cannot find a single flaw with it
I've been saving up for a Macbook for college and I finally ordered it last week. It's very good if you're on the go and a college student. The battery life is amazing. I didn't need to bring my charger and it was long-lasting. I also love the classy design. The storage is just what I don't like about it, but I can just buy external hard drive to solve this problem.
Been 20 days and its lost in the mail
Just awesome!
This is my first MacBook, after owning a Apple iPad and iPhone.  If owned both iPad and iPhone for the past 7 years or so and cannot say enough good about both products.  Suffice to say that I will never go back to a windows operating system again, after my apple products have been near perfect since I bought them.  I really can't say too much about the MacBook, as I have only had it for a couple of weeks or so, but if it meets my expectations of how good my other apple products have been, than it will get 5 stars!  What more can I say.
lit
This was a great purchase! Lots of space for my school work and even some games. Charges really fast, runs fast,battery life lasts long.
I guess I am officialy 'converted' to Apple products, now that I have purchased my first Apple computer. Having purchased an iPad, iPhone and Apple tv, I have come to appreciate the accessible and high level of customer support offered by Apple support. Buying the Macbook Air was an enjoyable experience knowing I wasnt worried about quality or technical support. The Macbooks come in a few configurations and it was much easier to zoom in on which one would best suite my needs. I have a bit of a learning curve with the OS and software but I can attend the Apple workshops or watch some of many consumer tutorials online. With all applications installed including iPhoto and iMovie, the savings comes right out of the box. Buying a Macbook assures me of a product that will not be obselete in six months and the reliability of solid state technology gives peace of mind when it comes down to value and productivity, reliability etc.,  The service at Best Buy is top notch and their team made this purchase experience an enjoyable one. In addition, if I happen to want to upgrade at some point... It is an added comfort knowing that 'if' I choose to sell my Macbook down the road and possibly upgrade, Apple products hold a good resale value.
i bought for college , its just awesome. Everything is Really excellent on it ( the speed , the performance, multitask .... ) just wow
This laptop its very good, its organizate and the price its cheaper than Apple Store.
Looked for a laptop for some time and bought first Apple product Mac Book Air 13.3". Not totally set up yet but everything looks good and easy navigation so far. Not a computer nerd, still lots to learn, will write another review further down the road. Meanwhile look forward to a new and positive experience with my Mac Book Air.

By the way, you get excellent customer service at Best Buy Nanaimo!
I got this recently and what can I say? New PS4 Slim is not a bad design I thought it would be. It looks cool (along with new controller) and has Uncharted 4 as a bundle even though it says 30 bucks off for this console but still adding HST on top of 349 bucks (45 bucks on HST). That is a lot you could pay for playing games for a long time. First you might think that slim is a horrible design by looking at the images on Internet but when you see it in person, you'd definitely change your mind. Get it now!! You won't regret it!!
My kids like very much
Our whole family is enjoying this system
Dec. 29, 2016 - Order placed online
Jan. 5, 2017 - Expected delivery of the order
Jan. 10, 2017 - No status update on the delivery date. My child is very sad due to poor service poor from Best Buy. Very disappointed with Best Buy.

No follow-up from Best Buy nor any tracking number issued to inform customer of delivery date.


A VERY disappointed customer
I bought this to replace my xbox 360 just for a change and mainlt because there are some title that are exclusively for PS4 ( i.e. god of war). Bought this at bestbuy because they have it on sale plus an extra game (FF XV) so i got it for a good deal. Delivery was prompt and it was properly packaged so you're sure the item will be safe and undamaged. The PS4 itself is well built and since its a slim type, you don't need to worry about space. Fan is quiet although you'll hear the usual bluray noise when it runs the disc which is normal. One nifty feature is you can link your social media account like facebook so you can automatically share screenshots or videos of your game. (The controller has a "share" button, cool eh?). This next gen console is all that I expected and more. My overall buying experience i excellent and I would recommend bestbuy if you are looking for good service
Great
I was really impressed with how quickly it was shipped out. It made it before Christmas. Thank-you'
Awesome can"t go wrong with PS4, love it. Delivery was quick and on time.
Grandson loves his Christmas gift!  I'm the best grandma ever!
I love this. Fast shipping and everything was great and easy to use. Highly recommend.
The PS4 is really awesome and I really recommend it to everyone!
I bought the PS4 for my 8 year old and of course unchartered for me.  Also bought a few games and all 3 were delivered to my door within days.  Always happy with the Playstation product and Best Buy's convenient online shopping.
Love the new PS4 slim. Arrived in 2 business days.
perfect
Always happy with sony products cant go wrong with a PS4
This console is way better than Xbox one by far
Awesome console ,no problems ,really quiet.
3 days to deliver and the game is fun
It's just great!
The controller it comes with is pretty sweet
Not a bad laptop all in all, the only thing I don't like is the mouse pad and the Right/Left buttons. Sometimes I have to click several times for them to work or respond. Feels a bit cheap quality hardware.
i had a bad experience with previous laptop which was from the same company HP, but the processor was AMD, i hated a lot. so finally i decide to buy Intel Core i3. it is great everything works smooth and lovely. so i give it 5 stars . i recommend others to buy it . they will be convinced and happy with their purchase.
This laptop came in Dead on Arrival. It powered up but there was no screen image, just a faint flicker. Did some trouble shooting and this problem has something to do with a loose or malfunctioning memory module. Shipped it back.
This laptop arrived Dead On Arrival with the unit powering up, but no screen display, just a faint flicker. Returned it the next day.
I was reading the reviews and I am confused as to whether I should buy this laptop or not.
I&#39;m not sure about anyone else...there have been no mention of battery at all in these reviews.  But i&#39;m curious to know if anyone is having any difficulty with battery life.  I had to plug in the laptop twice in one day....charge does not seem to hold for more than a couple of hours.

I also find the laptop itself rather slow.
So slow right out of the box.  Takes 10 mins or more to load any program after a restart. 
Any other time the blue pinwheel turns and turns then a program will load after 5 or so mins. 
My 5 year old laptop works faster than this brand new one. 
Now I get to head back and return this. Thanks HP for wasting my time
I bought this over an Asus because HP had a more established name in the market. Started out fine then 2 days after I started to use it, the laptop started slowing down, programs take long too open, freezes on me etc. 
The blue pinwheel spun for 7 minutes to open Chrome this evening when I had no other programs open. 
Sometimes it runs perfect then out of nowhere it freezes and take 10 minutes or more to unfreeze and open apps. I expect that on a 3 year old PC, not a 3 day old one. 
Buying and shipping was simple. Got it on sale on Black Friday - yay. Easy enough to set up and operate. I just wanted something for photo editing and storage mostly with some web surfing and video messaging. All of which are easily done with this machine.
BUT
It feels cheap. The laptop as a whole as well as the keyboard and mouse. It almost feels like it&#39;s hollow inside. The keyboard does not have a back light. It doesn&#39;t have a CD drive which was a minor drawback if I wanted to let the kids watch a movie while traveling. It&#39;s a good thing Netflix allows offline viewing!
Overall, I do like using this laptop but I wish I had known about the backlight and cheapy feel prior to buying. Now ya know.
Very happy with this laptop.  Got it for a group I work with.  Just wanted something with a good size memory and easy to use.  The price was excellent.
Bought after having a bad experience with another one of hp's products, it was a similar notebook and was the exact same price but has no touchscreen,i ended up returning it because it was constantly dropping the internet signal and when I did have internet it was very slow. It had an AMD6 processor.What  have learned from this is that I will never have an AMD powered computer again!!! Even the most basic intel processor the i3 that this computer has is so much better,loading is super fast and downloading is quick,the 8gb of ram and 1tb of storage are are added bonuses,meaning ill never have to upgrade them. Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a fast and efficient laptop.
I purchased this laptop in 2015, during the Black Friday sale. When I first got it, I would have easily rated it 5/5. As with all new computers, everything runs smoothly and seamlessly on first startup. I also loved the touchscreen function. Although I don't use it often, I thought it was pretty badass having that option. I purchased this computer solely for leisure and basic office work, which includes surfing the internet, watching movies/TV shows, Microsoft Office, and basic programming (SQL, Visual Studio, Java). It gets the job done for these, so I've rated it 2 stars to be generous rather than 1. However, having owned this laptop for just a bit over a year now, the hardware on this computer is starting to greatly disappoint.

I take care of my computers. As a computer scientist currently in the field of business IT with a hobby in building gaming rigs, I'd like to think I know my way around a computer. Just a bit over a year now, my speakers on this HP laptop have blown. I'm a bit OCD, I never have my volume over 50-60%. Having it suddenly blow on me was extremely surprising. And has never happened to me in the previous 6 laptops I have owned. As well, I typically use headphones when watching shows anyway.

Secondly, my battery level indicator is constantly stuck at 99%, even when unplugged. Because of this, my laptop would automatically shutdown without warning on battery power. Again, I take care of my computers. When connected to a plug, I normally remove the battery because I know it can be damaging to the battery. Despite doing this almost religiously, the battery is starting to fail me anyway.

These problems are disappointing because this is the first HP laptop I have owned and these problems have never occurred across the widespan of laptops I have owned in the past. Increasing this frustration is that these problems began to occur as soon as my 1 year warranty expired.

Sorry for the long review, but I think it's important to hear from an owner who has owned this laptop for over a year now, rather than going by the reviews of people who have only just purchased this laptop. The positive thing is that this is a lesson learned for me. In the future, I will definitely be spending a little more for a better laptop, and I will be extremely hard pressed to purchase another HP laptop.
Easy set up And It works great 

5 STARS
I have been using for a short while, so far its good..
This is a solid laptop that does everything  I've asked if it quickly and seamlessly.   The display  quality is good, I find I can use the keyboard  quite easily.  This laptop is lightweight and sleek.  I got it on Black Friday on sale, and have been very happy with it, as well as with Best Buy - who had it to me very quickly  and efficiently!!  I am glad I bought this laptop.
Great laptop lots of space and very fast, only thing is the screen everytime you touch its not very sturdy but overall recommended if its on sale
Perfect for my needs love the touch screen.
Just purchased this computer so have not had a chance to really use it but the thing I do love is the touch screen and the number pad.
Bought this for a child for homework and Netflix, primarily, and it's handled that very easily.  Simple games run well, though haven't tried any really CPU/GPU intensive tasks.  

It's quite light, the plastic feels like it might be kind of fragile, but no issues thus far.  Very portable.

Touchscreen is responsive and a nice feature.
I find this laptop excellent in every way. I am very pleased with the hd screen, the graphics and the touchscreen are exceptional.
From the time you turn it on seems only seconds that you are into any program you desire.
I would recommend this laptop to anyone as I am completely satisfied with my purchase.
Over all is pretty good laptop.
I bought this laptop on black Friday and it work perfectly ..it works fine with my expectations.
I absolutely love the airpods. I'm not an audiophile by any means, so I don't know how they compare to other expensive headphones as far as sound quality goes. I think that they sound great. Much better that normal earpods and better than the wired apple earpods too, I would think. Maybe it's just that the experience is much better than the wired apple earpods.... 
Pros:
• Extremely long range for wireless, which is super cool to experience. You can literally go into the next room in your house without any disconnection. At a straight shot you can probably go 30 or more feet seamlessly. It will even go through several walls, but maybe only to a distance of 20 feet or so. It takes quite a bit of effort to lose connection, compared to bluetooth headphones that will lose connection at under 10 feet if any walls are blocking. 
• Battery life seems infinite. If you plug in the charging case every day or two for 15 minutes you're pretty much always good to go. I don't go for hours listening to anything and so if I pop the airpods back in the case even for a couple of minutes they are always good to go. The case itself is magnetized to hold the airpods in place and sort of "snaps" the individual airpods into their spot, which is very satisfying to watch when putting the airpods away. 
• Way easier to connect to than bluetooth headphones. I've had very little instances where the device I was using at the time didn't recognize that I was ready to listen to something or connect the airpods. All devices recognize when the airpods come out of their case and placed in your ear.
• Many people have been complaining about having to use Siri to adjust volume, etc... I've got an apple watch to use as my audio control device, which works just as well as having the controls at your ear. This only works with your primary audio-playing device - your phone, or of course playing from the apple watch itself. So in my case I can't complain about the lack of audio control on the airpods. 

Cons:
• The experience seems a little less integrated with Macbooks. I find that getting the Airpods connected takes a bit more effort and the range of the connection is less than with an iPad or phone.
I&#39;ve used the AirPods daily for phone calls, skype for business calls and FaceTime audio calls for a little over two weeks. The ease of pairing is fantastic, just don&#39;t forget that you&#39;re paired to your iPad when you try to make a phone call by simply double-tapping on either AirPod to activate Siri. The audio quality is fantastic 95% of the time. On occasion there is some garbled audio but it fixes itself within seconds and the person on the other end is still understandable - I took off one star for this reason. The ability for it to reduce wind noise for the person on the other end of the call as I talk and walk outdoors is phenomenal! You can use either AirPod for a call or both.
These are awesome if you have an iphone. Otherwise maybe skip them. Under a beanie you can&#39;t even tell you have earphones on. Another way to ignore people. Buy them.
I love my new AirPods they sound amazing I love using them I&#39;ve used them to talk to people on the phone listen to music to me the sound quality is awesome. 

I definitely recommend these though they may not be for everyone but I still recommend them
This is an amazing console, it upscales perfectly the 1080p to 4k.
I just love it. Now I own two PS4s one for me and the other for my daughter :)
Once you pair it up with a 4K tv with HDR, the game world never look the same.
I have played FFXV, Rise of the Tomb Raider and NBA2K17, they looked absolutely phenomenon !!
Several very confused reviewers here, need to correct them haha

1. Of course there&#39;s no &#39;4k player&#39; this is 2017 and no-one buys hard media anymore. It still plays the movies, you just stream or download them (like everyone else on the planet) Sony is able to sell a stronger machine for cheaper by not including hardware you&#39;ll never ever use. Don&#39;t complain, say thank you.

2. Of course not all games are 4K because while PS4 Pro is powerful, it admittedly can&#39;t GO BACK IN TIME and change all the old games to 4K. Sorry if your disappointed. Going forward more and more games will include more and more 4K content now that the system they would need to design them for exists. Shocking, I know.
The last Sony console i owned was the original Playstation. After that i was an XBox fan until the latest console offerings. At that point i went back to PC gaming. Im glad to say that 3 years later, I decided to jump back into console gaming with the PS4 Pro. My friends that decided to go with the XBox One have either sold them or regret buying them and cant afford to rebuy another console and games again. 
I couldn't be happier with this system. Boot up time is quick, it is dead quiet, and the interface is quite good once you get used to it. Apps load super fast as well. I have TitanFall 2 , StarWars Battlefield and BF 1 on PC as well as the PS4 and the framerates on the PRO has really suprised me while gaming in 1080p. Very smooth and looks gorgeous. I have a Steamlink connected from my PC to TV now have the best of both worlds. PC gaming and console gsming from the comfort of my couch and not stuck alone in my man room.

Honestly, i think if you haven't bought either console yet, and gaming is your main thing, go with the PRO. It gives you the extra horsepower for the VR headset (if you so desire), and will somewhat future proof you for upscaled 4K gameplay when you buy that new 4K tv down the road. 

I had to write this review after reading the two other ridiculous reviews above.

Im 43 years old and been playing video games since Pong and the first Apple computers. This is, IMHO the best gaming console on the market to date.
Have no hesitations in buying one.
Simply put, the Pro isn't for everyone.  It is more expensive, it is larger, support for the better hardware isn't universal in the games and 4K gaming simply doesn't exist yet.

What you do get however is a system that will play all existing PS4 games and in many cases will do it better.  A number of games will support either increased frame rates or increased resolutions.  Note the increased resolutions doesn't necessarily mean 4K.  If you have a 4K TV you can also expect upscaled graphics and 4K streaming.

Again it is not for everyone and the Slim will fit most peoples needs.  Rating the product down when it simply isn't beneficial for their own needs however is another thing all together and I'm disappointed in the other reviewers.
I new it wasn't 4K gaming but really close and the games run much on this then the old PS4. Most annoying part about this console is how loud it is!!! It runs louder then 3 old ps3 put in hot box! I've owned both Xbox and PlayStation consoles and if I had to pick again I would wait for the Scorpio will be a much better product to spend this much money on!
i haven't had any problems with my ps4 pro, it looks beautiful on my 4k tv. there is no comparison possible against xbox scorpion since it isnt even released yet so don't listen to the 2 morons who voted 1 star because it is a great game console for 4k.
If you want to get the most out of your 4K TV, this is the only option.
Great value.
We have a 4k tv and was very disappointed that the Xbox One S did not address the issues of 4k gaming. After picking up the PS4 pro, you can really see the improved visuals within the pro enabled games. The upgraded graphics chip taking advantage of some new lighting technologies really adds to the over all experience. While the PS4 pro does not come with a 4k blue ray player, and this is a but of an oversight for sure, the 4k upscale offered by the PS4 Pro does improve the experience of regular HD blue rays. 

As the only console on the market offering an actual 4K gaming experience, I would strongly recommend this console for those with a 4K TV. You will not be disappointed.
Not sure what the other reviewers are talking about. This is the most powerful console on the market. It's there to complement the regular PS4. It's much for powerful then the Xbox One S, and is perfect for the price point. Anyone that extra wants the additional power for visual upgrades should go with this.
Don't buy no different compare to the old ps4....it's same thing I didn't see no big different..there is no 4K quality..stick with old one...
best ps4 to come out works amazing on my 4k glad i got it
I love love love my ps pro what great features and dang not very expensive
Not sure what the other reviewer is on about, the PS4 is far more powerful than than the Xbox one. The pro model simply blows it away specs wise, there is no question about this. Both have fun exclusives, but where sony's system really shines is its ps plus online subscription. Fantastic games "free" every month plus online gaming. Everything runs so silky smooth, and online sales offer terrific deep discounts, as much as 75% off games like Mad Max. Great value.
There should be no angry opinion pieces on here.  I actually have the system.
It is a great deal, yes the games range from Native 4K to Sub-4K resolutions, but on a 4K TV, they look much much sharper than my PS4.  Going back to the original, it now strikes me how fuzzy games are - which never crossed my mind before. 

First - this needs to be said - this is a machine designed for 4K Gaming and 4K streaming  - it does not have a 4K UHD drive in it like the Xbox One S. The PS4 Pro has higher graphics power for games, but not the drive to allow it to play 4K Discs.  It is a 4K gaming machine. 

It has a 1Tb drive in it, and 2.3x the power of the PS4.  For games which are new, it takes advantage of the extra power in a variety of ways. Some games only offer high resolution at the same framerates as the original PS4, and some offer high-framerate options which hit 60fps at 1080p.  Unfortunately, it is up to the game developer on how they implement it.. so not all games have a high-framerate or a high-detail option.  It would have been nice for Sony to have game developers offer choices.  Rise of the Tombraider is a great game to show off some of the options the machine has with 3 modes. 4K mode, 1090p High Detail mode and 1080p high framerate mode.

Know that existing games without any PS4 Pro patches run identical to a regular PS4 - there is no automatic higher framerates or higher resolution.  So you won't be playing BloodBorne or Witcher 3 any different on this machine than you would on a regular PS4, as it emulates the PS4's slower speed in games which are not designed with Pro support.

4K graphics cards alone will run you as much as the PS4 Pro or more, so it is not surprising that all games cannot hit native 4K resolution or else this thing would cost way more.   

It also enhances PS VR games too if you have one of those. 

There you have it, a review by someone who actually owns the machine, and not an opinion based on limited understanding. It is a great machine at a very good price for the extra power and storage (oh and it has a USB port on the back Finally!).  It may not be perfect, but its price and its future-bound power in games will benefit those who have a 4K TV set.
I just upgraded my PS4 to the Pro and its so much better. The PS4 pro works awesome with my PS VR and has also the best picture quality i have seen in recent games specially the ones with 4k and HRD compatible (FF15, Last guardian looks amazing in HDR). Can't wait to play all the new upcoming games like Days gone and Horizon zero. Great job Sony.
I played my games on a 50'' 4K TV till i bought this. The difference between playing game like Infamous, Etc. On this and the older PS4 is very noticeable for someone like me who has always gamed on PC for the highest settings. Its gotten me to play on my console a lot more now. One of the best Gifts I've ever received!
Okay, first of all, its a great system.

Things you should know before going into buy one:

1. It is not really a 4k gaming box as Sony likes to state
They do some tricks to achieve higher resolutions in games, but true 4k is only available on a few games.

2. If you do not own a 4k tv, its probably not worth it for a few extra frames

3. It plays all Playstation 4 games

4. If you own PSVR you will see better visuals

Now for the review part.  If you own a 4k tv and you dont already own a PS4, then this is the system to buy.  The enhanced games look great and run at a higher resolution than the originals do.  Sure its not 4k, but it is still a better visual presentation.  This is not an amazing console refresh, and of course it could have been better, but for what it is, it is worth the money.  
It does not include an ultra HD bluray player, but does support HDR or High Dynamic Range, as long as your TV also supports it.

Again, if you want to run games on your fancy TV, this is a great purchase as supported games will look better, and run in higher resolution.  Just dont expect it to revolutionize your games, they are still the same game with some extra options.
I'm enjoying 4k gaming on a console right now. not maybe end of 2017 lol. sorry xbox fan boys. whether it's ps4 or ps4 pro either will give you higher resolutions and better frame rates compared to the other. due to its MORE POWER whahaha.
There's no 4k blu ray. Buy the xbox s. It includes 4k blu ray player.
the ps4 slim it will break down in no time.
Great hardware to own if you never had a PS4 before. Insane graphics at very reasonable price.
It's fast, HD and ausome!
Glad I held-off buying the old PS4
Really good console ! You need a good 4k tv to see a big difference but with both combined its amazing
It's a decent upgrade, has everything you want to have a fuller gaming experience.  Textures are sharper, colours deeper/richer, and load times are decreased (about 10 seconds or so).  Not sure if that's enough to justify the purchase, but it was for me.

Btw, the previous 1 star reviews are from the same person.
The system works fine, has 4k support and plays games as good or better than original ps4.

I would recommend it if you have a 4k tv..  If you only have a 1080p there isn't much difference but some games work at a higher frame rate..

It is more powerful but most games do not support the extra power.. New games will though..

5 Stars. Rating based on system. I do own one and a 4k tv.
PS4 Pro performed as advertised.  Upgrading from PS3, the Pro is the obvious choice.  With a 1080p TV, the Pro is simply plug & play.  With a 4K TV, you'll need to ensure it's HDR 10 clearly stated on the box.  Unfortunately, the Pro does not support audio CD and 4K Blu-ray.  But then, it's all about the games.  ;-)
I've been using the ps4 pro for approx two weeks and it's noticeably quieter as well as faster. Menu's are snappier, and getting around the system is better. Games do get a small bump in quality and you also have 60fps options in some games. It's worth the small price bump over the regular ps4. Highly recommended.

Games i've played, COD Black ops 3, Infinite warfare, Shadows of Mordor, Final Fantasy XV as well as as a few others.

I've been using it on a 1080p tv as well, and i still feel it's a worthy upgrade for the small price increase.
Got it as a gift and it's really nice
Purchased this a week or so after launch and have no regrets. The system software is very quick and snappy. Games the are PRO enhanced look and play great. Looking forward to what future titles will offer after being able to take full advantage of the hardware on hand.

*Those people that posted reviews back in September don't know what they're talking about. Buy this if you don't already own a PS4 and/or have the Home Theatre equipment to take advantage of everything on offer.
PLUS NOTE:

- PS4 Slim System is Slimmer
- PS4 Slim uses less power then the original

CONS:
- Removed Optical out Port , Why would you take out a feature when releasing a slim down model. and then force customers to purchase the PS4 PRO which is nothing more then a over clock PS 4 slim with a optical out port
- NO 4K Disc drive to watch movies, where as the xbox one slim has a 4K movie drive standard.

I was going back and forth deciding which console to get this year, I chose the XBOX ONE S instead.

Main reasons
- 4K Movie drive, as i want to get the most out of my new 4K TV 
- External Hard drive support up to 8TB hard drives, with ps4 there is only 2 TB internal drive and no external
- 6 - 8 Hour Controller battery life Vs XBOX One which is around 40 Hours on either 2x AA batteries or the battery pack. want to save some cash purchase best buys brand insignia brand and it works the same.
Xbox is a joke! 
Ps4 still plays all the Ps4 and brings more power. It will do better for VR and it's 4k
The people who gave it a 1 star probably can't afford a good T.V or even this console to begin with.
This is great for 4k gaming and will get better as the new games coming out will be made with this console in mind.
I have both ps4 pro and xbox one s. The ps4 pro is way way faster than the xbox one s and less laggy i love it! if you have a 4k tv with hdr you gonna enjoy it!
The 4K graphics are really spectacular. I am glad Sony is not excluding existing PS4 games from this upgraded model. And you really need to have a 4K TV to really appreciate the different. The console is solid and works great - everything is much more snappy, and the 1TB memory is great. I am not sure what the previous two reviews had issues with – seems like they had a bias in my opinion. If you don't have a PS4, invest in this. Playstation ironed out many kinks in their earlier hardware with this.
Does not support 4K gaming what so ever, blatant lies from Sony & Best Buy promoting it as such when it is barely capable of 1080p gaming
Had the original playstation 4 and then gifted it to my nephew because i went away! I just came back in time for this beauty and wow! Just as amazing as I remember it! Paired it with my 4k HDR TV and OMG! Whole new experience! Other two reviewers are clearly fanboys and don't know 1 from 2.
This console is perfect for HDR gaming and is great for streaming 4k movies. Although it doesn't have a 4k disc reader it really isn't necessary with other sites like Netflix. In comparison to the Xbox One S, this console has better value and more in it for being about the same price.
best system ever no vr on xbox
If your on the market for the latest generation of consoles, this is it. 4K content looks awesome on a 4K TV. You will not be disappointed if you don't have a console yet.
In reply to the other two posts.. Keep it simple. 2.25 times more power (225%) then the orginal/slim PS4. the PS4 is already 40% more powerful then the xbox One S, Why you may care. The more it can process the more it can display smooth, this is not a 4k thing, this is a, it can draw more detail with more power on any tv. if the game has more detail to draw.. and they do! They systems turns down detail to keep the game running smooth, so more power = more detail 
so looking at numbers 
PS4=1.84TF, xbox ONE S 1.32TF, PS4 Pro 4.14TF.
People reviewing this 1/5 stars aren't doing so for valid reasons.  There is nothing wrong with the product itself. I just wish there were better bundles/holiday sales when I got it to replace my launch day PS4.
If you have a 4k TV you have to give this system a go. It brings the wonderful game play always found on Play Stations into the stunning world of 4k. Pull you seat right up to the screen and dive in for the most immersible experience you've eve had. :D
Sony has surpassed Xbox one yet again.
The PS4 has MORE COMPUTE units, and faster memory and a whole bunch of things, that would make that [Xbox One / PS4 parity] physically impossible to happen.  The PS4 continues to outsell the Xbox One at a rapid clip.
Everything we know about the Xbox One-PS4 matchup suggests that the PS4 is winning the hardware battle thanks to a straightforward memory arrangement (no need to muck with the 32MB of SRAM) and a stronger GPU
The two reviews below are very dishonest and sound childish. Specially considering they most likely dont own one. PS4 Pro Released on Nov 10th.  PS4 Pro is a mid-gen upgrade console, think Apple or Samsung phones, as it has double the power of the original PS4.  It can run 4k games, however most of the big games will most likely be upscaled to 4k they might be upscaled from 1080p or 1800p. It  also has 4k streaming apps as well. 

As with anything new, game developers will slowly make use of the extra power.  If you have a PS4, it may not be worth an upgrade, however for new users I would suggest it.  Original PS4s will not be left behind, games will slowly have 2 modes for Playstation when starting a game.  PS4 mode and Pro mode. You will not be left behind.

2017 will be an even bigger year for Playstation exclusive games. Stay gaming regardless of what system you choose! :)
Its good
Only tru native 4k gaming console out there, Its the most powerful console in the market right now, totally worth it
I found this very amazing! I love it!
Great console overall. With the better CPU and GPU installed, the new PS4 is capable of delivering a much better graphics and a better FPS for all the games. For instance, I can't get a solid 30 FPS when I was running Witcher 3 in town but with this is a solid 60 FPS and all the stuff in the game just got more detailed. Would recommend if you get the spare money to upgrade.
The graphics are beautiful and it&#39;s fun to play but it takes a day to down load games and some updates and it won&#39;t let you play your games without updates and there are updates all the time. Save yourself the madness and and get a PS4.
My console kepps lagging when i am playing clash royale. The console broke when box wisn sjopemed thanks
Unless your son still believes in Santa... It&#39;s simple, tell him that in life, sometimes it doesn&#39;t always work like you want. People make mistakes, and you have to deal with it... I don&#39;t think an XBOX One S can give him that kind of lesson, or you for that matter, since you don&#39;t know what to tell him.
This is a great machine and a wickedly cool colour. 
Got this for Christmas and haven&#39;t put it down since. Originally a PS4 player but have been using both recently and have been pulled more towards the xbox.
5/5
we found the Xbox One console easy to set up and use.  i did buy a 6 ft Micro USB cord so we could save on batteries for the controller.
I bought this as a Christmas gift to my bf and he lovedid it. Can&#39;t wait to get my own controller so I could join him plating games.
Have been on both sides of the fence when it comes to returns and customer service and in the end, customer service is the difference when you are selling the same/similar product as other vendors.

Saving a couple bucks vs wasting someone's time and leaving a bad example for a kid that saved his money is disappointing to say the least. 3 stars with the product doing the heavy lifting here.
Has more storage onboard and better capabilities as stated in description, like better online streaming access. Lile the smaller size. The inside power supply makes the external periphereals neater but i hope they are easy to replace because power supply/ adapters do fail.like the way when the unit is powered off that during next power on cycle it goes to, say, netflix or to the place where you left off gaming automatically. Really there&#39;s no need for this to be offered at less than 1tb hd, and for the 500gb price. Its a bit of gouging for hd considering their price these days. Got the add on chat pad and head for this as i loved it on 1st gen xbox one.if it lasts like my last x1 i will be very satisfied with bang for buck overall. Oh yeah i run it on a 42 plas tv so i can&#39;t comment on 4k but it does have it.
I highly recommend going online and reading the reviews about Xbox 1 prior to purchase, I wish I had. 
We&#39;re about 8 hours into trying to get Halo 5 to download, because you can&#39;t just put in the game anymore and play. Also, nothing from 360 works with this, not even the remotes, so be prepared to shell out a bunch more cash for new games, remotes and an external to store all of the mandatory download content. Get a playstation.
Bought this and expected it to be put game in and play.. but no... you have to put the game in and wait a good portion of the day to install. So annoying
My 12 year old son saves up his money to buy the new Xbox One S.  He was really excited when he saw the special edition was on sale so I ordered it for him. I placed the order on November 28th and the expected delivery date was December 5th. That date came and passed with no delivery. I tracked the shipment during the course of that week and it kept telling me that the expected delivery date was still December 5th. By the end of the week I contacted Best Buy and they told me that they could not help me and that I had to contact Canada Post. Canada Post said that they would put a tracker on the shipment and have a resolution within 5 business days. I waited a few more days and contacted Best Buy again. This time they said they would open up an investigation but that it would take at least 10 business days. I is now December 16th and Canada Post is saying that the situation will not be resolved until January 6th. Needless to say my son is very disappointed and I have no real explanation to give him.
Plz lower the price
Got this as a gift for my boys! they loved the product, we currently have the old version Xbox one.
The color is original! and is very good the Xbox one s!!!
Scored this deal black friday for (price) with Halo 5 Guardians Limited Edition. The Limited Blue console looks amazing better then i thought its more of a aqua colour actually was shipped real fast had it tuesday morning at my door
Bought this Xbox one s deep blue on Black Friday. 
Haven't got even a single problem so far and works very well. 
It does not generate as much heat as my previous Xbox one. 
Overall so far in my satisfactory.
Better than the original Xbox One in every way... Smaller, no power brick, 4K Blu Ray, 4K streaming, HDR, push power button (instead of the touch sensor).

The bluetooth controller has a WAY better range, and the grip is a little more textured instead of being super smooth like the previous controllers (so now doesn't slip as much).

I really like the dark blue color, it looks really cool.

It only has a 500gb hard drive, so I would recommend getting at least a 2tb external hard drive and install all your games to the external (games will load faster).

Overall it's an awesome console for gaming and 4K streaming / movies.
Don&#39;t buy a LG TV if you want to add head phones to it. They do not have
RCA out put jacks. Sony has.
Great TV, sound is good but I still got a soundbar. Picture is amazing.

If you live outside US like me, go to LG website to download latest firmware. This will unlock HDR GAMING mode for PS4 pro and Xbox One S. After the update, it has been working like a charm and games in HDR look awesome. Very happy about this product.
DONT SETTLE FOR ANYTHING SMALLER. TRUST ME. ONCE U GO THIS BIG U WILL NEVER GO BACK. LIVE YOUR LIFE AND BUY THIS SPECTACULAR PEICE OF TECHNOOLGY NOWWWWWWW
Compared to the same sized 65UH6150 this unit uses 2.5 times the electricity while in use. The result is that after a year of use your total cost will likely be the same. Probably better to go with the Energy Star version.
I bought this two weeks ago, having never used WebOS before.  I am used to clunky, underpowered smart TV's where the smart interface would have been far better left out.  

The Good:

WebOS 3 is FAST.  Very fast, and easy to use.  The home screen allows you to read each input and other option, and shows those most used first across the bottom of the TV, without shutting down whatever you are watching.

The picture is fantastic, haven't seen any drag or trailing with fast movement.  The Grand Tour is beautiful on this TV in 4K.  (It's the first thing I've seen in 4K and if you appreciate beautiful cars well, this TV does it justice).

We also used my friends' color calibration disc with the IFS-Dark Room setting to see if we could calibrate the TV.  It was pre-calibrated, we couldn't find any improvements to make.  I would definitely use the IFS settings, if possible.

The bad:

There is a side by side view that is supposed to allow you to have two separate inputs show at once.  However, at least on the setup I have, one input is locked to either the component input or the DTV / Cable tuner.  Haven't needed a tuner in a long time now, so it's pretty much useless, but I can see it mattering in big cities.

There are three HDMI inputs only, would be better with 4 or 5.

There really isn't much available for instructions on WebOS, on the TV or online.

Overall:

Even with the caveats above, this is a fantastic TV that I am very happy with, and I will likely buy LG again for my next TV as well.
Does this mean if we pr-order it now, we will get it deliver one year form now?
In the description says that Release Date: December 31, 2017. That means one year from now. Is it December 31 2016 or 2017?
Release Date: December 31, 2017?

That&#39;s still more than one year from now!!!
BUY IT@
Fab
Zelda title.. check
Link... check
Open world... Check...   (this is new and looks like the elder scrolls 5: skyrim) ++
Green outfit... absent...  (This could affect to 1 star rating for hard core lovers) - -
Loot... check...  (too many loot is like no loot at all) + -
Unique object... check... (overload) +  (repeated object) -
Art of the game... check...  (New graphic play that was not kiddy) +
Monster ai... check... (basic ai) - (suprize ai) +
Extra gift... absent...   (This could affect to 3 star rating for hard core lovers) - 
Voice acting... check..  (New) +
Food crafting..   check... (suprize new) +

This title have actualy a chanche of being the best Zelda game ever made up to date, we just need to wait and see when it will come out. Sould be fun.

This is 5 start rating befor the came come out.
The game play shown at E3 has blown me away, I am absolutely overwhelmed and can not wait at all to finally play Breath of the Wild!
This camera works well &amp; takes quite clear video in the modes I used, mostly 1080p 30 &amp; 60 Hz. The included screen on the back is invaluable for aiming &amp; playback now that GoPro has idiotically made the companion software for your phone now require a sign-on and internet connection, something that&#39;s not available at most locations where these cameras would be used. Rather an epic fail. No documentation included, you have to search for it on the GoPro website.
Battery life was sufficient to record over an hour of video while skiing at -10 degrees C.
So far this camera has worked well, as advertised. However it is a bit expensive for this camera but i guess you pay for the name..
I&#39;m new to this and having fun testing and learning, I had to learn the most important thing is to test what your computer is capable of, mine is only good for 1080 60FPS and all the angles, I tried 4K and the other settings and thought I had done something wrong because the video was all choppy and skipping. I&#39;m most happy with the medium and wide view settings. The voice control is amazing to use and I created a cheat sheet until I get used to it. The stability built in feature works really well, I&#39;ve made a mount for my small dog&#39;s sweater and will try that out this weekend, I&#39;m looking forward to how that will look for fun. I now have the confidence to buy diving accessories and the full gambit to expand our uses for this high end picture and video camera.
It certainly is the best camera out there.
I bought this camera on 2016 boxing day which was attracted by a description on best buy website &quot;night vision&quot;. However there is no night vision option on this camera. I purchased a memory card to use it on Hero 5 Black, according to the description given on the gopro website. Unfortunately card stop working after 17 minites continuous shooting. I noticed following defects on Hero 5 back which are given below
1. Lens portion of camera is heating up after 15 minits continuous shooting.
2.There is no good video quality for 4k video (my canon 6D have better quality on 1920*1080 video shooting than Gopro)
3. Misleading information on remaining battery charge information.
4. camera stop working after exactly 17 minits shooting..
not bad
Really excited about the new Hero5. The smaller size and being waterproof (water resistant?) without a case is huge. I'm coming from a Hero3 so the bump in quality is noticeable. I'm looking forward to the release of the Karma Grip.
Really great product, GoPro never disappoints me! It's the best for videos and photos.
this camera is a very good all around camera for vlogging and also using as an action camera
The new Hero 5 Black has an impressive array of features. Up to 4K recording, voice control, touchscreen control, image adjustment, micro-HDMI and USB Type-C, waterproofing, etc. You get it. All variation between the previous Hero 4 models has been combined in the Hero 5 and then some. It's a very capable camera for the size that it is and offers a good value for the price point.  

Three things that I didn't expect from the new camera - and not necessarily in a good way. First, the camera does get warm when filming at 4K resolution or doing timelapse photography. This is common of all the GoPro models, so it's not any defect, but an ongoing challenge of fitting all the components in such a small body. Second, the package does not include a standard tripod mount, which for timelapse photography is necessary. GoPro accessories are plentiful, so it wasn't a big deal. Third, battery life is variable due to the small size of the camera and what settings are enabled. GPS and WiFi are power-hungry antennae and the battery really isn't so physically large - rest assured the USB Type-C port allows for faster charging without a proprietary wall charger. A portable battery for your phone will work double-duty for the Hero 5.

That's my observations of the camera, hope it all works out for you.
Just bought one for our company to shoot an event, was first told that the unit comes with a protective case and it does not.  While it is "water proof" it isn't bomb proof or whatever the old ones were and when you are using it for extreme sports it doesn't take long to blow something like this up.

Secondly I asked if the unit comes with a cradle to charge the battery, was told yes and sold a second battery.  The battery they sold me was not for this unit and the unit does not come with any battery cradle, you must charge it through the GOPro.

Thrid and most important, plugged the battery in and fully charged the unit, tried to use it, battery lasted about 3mins...charged the unit over night, checked it in the morning prior to the event and the battery was full (travel time was 40mins) the unit was off and battery was drained by the time I got to the function.  Plugged the unit in all day and the gopro never charged.

For this price tag....I DEMAND you test your product go pro!
There was an issue to turn on the laptop, it wouldn`t boot up.
Receipt in hand, returned to the Best Buy where I purchased , and , they quickly exchanged the defective unit,,,, no hassles, just helpful salespeople.
Now it works perfectly , as it should.
Didn&#39;t think I would need to buy Geek Squad. Now I&#39;m sending it to Markham Ont. from BC to get it serviced. I guess we will see how it goes!
what is the weight ? 4kg
This watch is one of the best smartwatches that Samsung has released, I have used the Gear 2 and the Gear S smartwatch and so far out of all 3 the s3 wins as it looks like a normal watch. The others were too square and did not resemble a watch at all. I was looking very forward to using Samsung pay on it but unfortunately it was not available to use. It is a good fitness tracker for steps and some workouts and it will detect the workout you are doing, it will also automatically take your heart rate if turned on in settings. It also tracks your sleep automatically and will give you a notification with the results when you wake up. I was very content on being a tester for this watch and I’m loving every second having it and using it.
Pros: 
-	Rotating bezel
-	Always on display(not really used much)
-	Samsung pay( not available in Canada yet though sadly )
-	Compatible with any 22mm watch band
Cons:
-	Samsung pay not available in Canada when the watch got released
I love this watch overall but 3 days into very minimal use (no gym, no activity, etc...) and I baby my devices (my Note 4 since launch has never had a screen protector and looks almost new) but my Gear S3 I noticed today some of the finish on the bezel wearing off. Fine whatever not a huge deal as long as the black lines don't wear off too but I left work, wiped down the fingerprints and the screen was fine, I get home and place my watch on the table while I went and changed and come back down to take the watch to the charger and it has a massive and deep scratch on it and I have no idea how. Nobody was home so in the 3 minutes it was alone nobody was able to pick it up at all. I'm going to exchange for a new one and then not use it until the tempered glass screen protector arrives in 2 days. What a ridiculous screen Samsung, for active wear? Not even close, my Note 4 has a much more durable screen than this!
The watch is really useful I would recommend it.
Samsung Gear S3 Frontier is an awesome smartwatch, a really awesome tech gear for all our android community and ios as well. The spinning bezel just make this watch look so gorgeous.  I am using this watch from past two months and I am really satisfied and positive about this smartwatch. I am using this watch to track my gym activity, it can track your heart rate,push ups, pull ups and your steps at same time. It's a very powerful and full of features you never imagined before in a smartwatch.  I would 100% recommend to everyone to buy this smartwatch which makes your daily life much simpler.
Great design and craftsmanship, built-in GPS, battery. OS very intuitive and smooth.
Samsung got it right by making it look like a watch first. Then they got it right by extending the features on the phone to display on the watch. Ive noticed i dont really look at my phone as much with the notifications going to the watch.

The one thing I don&#39;t really like is that battery life on this. This phone can last a full day on maximum use. But I like to use the Sleep tracker to monitor my sleep patterns so by the next morning the watch is almost dead.

On low usage (bluetooth off), I can see this phone last for almost 4 days straight without charging.
The Samsung Gear S3 Frontier is a solid smartwatch loaded with features.  It has rugged good looks, and the ability to change the bands on the watch, along with an endless variety of watch faces allows for total personalization.
When I unpacked this watch, it appeared like it was going to be heavy and cumbersome but this isn’t the case at all.  The watch sits nicely on the wrist, and though slightly bigger than the standard watch I was wearing previously, it’s considerably lighter and generally quite comfortable.
Setting the watch up and pairing it with my Galaxy S7 was a breeze.  It’s very intuitive to use, and the rotating bezel just adds to the functionality and ease of operation.  Battery life is incredible.  I don’t use this watch with the face always on, and am able to get a solid 4 days before it needs to be charged.  Full charging takes only a couple of hours, and in 15 minutes you can get enough charge to last another day or two if necessary.
There appears to be an ever growing array of applications available from the Samsung store for the Gear S3.  I’m eager to try out the built in GPS with some of the golf apps myself.  The texting extension is great and allows for quick responses at the tap of the watchface, or you can even dictate a response if you choose.  It would be nice if there was better availability of messaging applications that worked in the same way as the texting one – for instance BBM, Whatsapp, and Facebook Messenger.  It likely won’t be long before this exists so I’m not too concerned about it.
I’ve been using the built-in S-Health as a fitness/activity tracker.  It’s great for reminders to keep moving and tracking basic steps, water intake, etc but struggles a bit with it’s consistency when using an elliptical and maintaining proper stair climb counts.  Still, handy to use.  There are a myriad of other fitness apps available for testing to see if any work better.
You have the ability to feel like a secret agent when taking calls with this watch.  I use it all the time if my hands are full doing something and the phone rings.  Makes for another nice hands free option.
Like any piece of technology, I did have to reboot it for the first time in a month to get certain notifications and features (weather, altimeter and barometer, S-Health) to update to current info.  A quick reset had everything working perfectly again.
All in all, the Gear S3 Frontier seems to be a well built, smooth operating piece of wearable technology.  I very much enjoy wearing it, and I’m certain have only scratched the surface on it’s features and functionality.  It seems to be at the upper end of the spectrum on price, but is generally issue free and extremely simple to use so probably worth a couple more bucks than some similar items that are out there.  If you’re considering it, I’d definitely recommend it as it&#39;s been quite enjoyable for me to use.
What can I say, this watch is amazing and has changed my life! From the battery length (3 days for me!) to the screens brightness and simplicity of getting around. I&#39;ve found myself using my watch more than my phone and I find myself being more productive during my workday! 

I love the look, it looks the way a watch should. To jazz it up a little its really simple to switch over to a leather band for those days you would like to look a little more snazzy. I get many comments from friends and family in regards to the watch.
Purchased the Gear 3 Frontier and a Truffol Black steel watch band. I loved the watch but the rubber band made it feel and look a little cheap. So I purchased a Truffol band and the watch now looks very classy. I links easily with my Samsung phone and transfers all of my notices instantly so I don&#39;t have to pull out my phone to check. Phone calls to and from the watch via the phone are clear. It&#39;s very convenient having the weather app on the watch, the heart rate monitor is great and the sleep monitor app works very well. I also have the feed from my security camera at the cottage go to the watch via the phone so that I can easily check the cottage. The only thing that is missing is that I wish the watch had LTE capability (as they do in the US) so that I could take it without the phone when I go out.
The new Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch is a great looking watch with a quality finish that makes it look more like a watch than a tech device.  Not only that, but it doesn’t need to be charged daily, but rather lasts between 2 and 4 days on a single charge.  It seems to be well made and very solid, but not too heavy to wear comfortably.  It is great to be able to get notifications and hold conversations through it when paired with my Galaxy S6 phone, but it is also an excellent standalone device.  This is my first smartwatch, but it is easy to navigate the Tizen operating system, with an intuitive interface, GPS, and many useful standalone apps such as the altimeter, barometer, heart rate monitor, music player, light, calculator, weather, games, etc.  In addition, there are those apps that pair with your smart phone such as the phone handset, messaging and email.  The many free watch faces suit pretty much any mood, and working on the device is very intuitive.  The GPS will track activities without needing to pair with my phone, and when sync’d with my phone later through the Samsung Gear software, provides a detailed record of all relevant details like mapping, distance, speed elevation, etc., which can then be shared with Strava.  It is amazing to see how much can be packed into this wrist watch, a very solid and good looking one at that, which after 4 weeks of use has yet to crash on me.  A minor drawback is that, although it has an altimeter, there is no watch face that I could find that will display altitude along with the time.  It is frustrating too that if I become even the slightest bit active, the watch automatically begins tracking my activity as fitness with S Health, and this autodetect cannot be shut off.
 

PROS
Easy to use
Quality look and feel
Altimeter
Heart rate monitor
As many watch faces as you could desire
1.5 GB of available storage memory
Built-in speaker to play music and sound alarms/notifications
Built-in microphone for voice commands to set reminders, answer calls, or send text messages
Waterproof IP68 certification that can withstand dust, dirt and water
Built-in GPS plus Glonass for accurate location tracking
Fast charging
Battery life 2 to 4 days
 
CONS
Charger requires a special base, in addition to the standard Micro B cable
Autodetect activity tracking cannot be shut off
No watch face that displays altitude
For me, this is a watch first.  Samsung nailed it for looks.  I like it more than the Tag connected watch which is triple the price.  The twist bezel was genius! 

Being able to read texts, see who sent you emails at a glance is a great feature.  To answer a call is a bonus!

Tons of watch faces out there too.. easy to customize.  

The only bad... I wish the heart rate monitor worked better for workouts.  It can't get a good reading while jogging  ( at least for me) 

#InsidersGearS3 #TheInsidersCanada
best smart watch of every category!
design, battery life, fitness tracker, messaging and notification
you can even use it to pay for stuff!
I&#39;ve had the watch over a month now and can honestly say that this watch is amazing. I&#39;ve always been fascinated with new technologies, gadgets and gizmos whether they were useful or not. But the S3 is a whole different category. It is feature rich and comes with everything you will need to get you through your day. I love being able to leave my phone at my desk while I enter the shop floor and have my watch keep me connected via WiFi. Answering calls on the built in speaker and mic while doing dishes, sure it can do that also. I&#39;ve seen reviews and comments about the lack of apps to work with the Tizen OS, but to be honest, if I wanted to research something on the net, type up an essay or trade options, if I needed to look at alot of information, I would use the appropriate tools to do so. Calls, texts, fitness goals, media remote, alarms, reminders, weather and so much more.. Just by glancing at your wrist? I don&#39;t think you can find a more complete package than the Gear S3. I&#39;ve had some friends already looking at the watch and considering taking the step to purchase their own. I&#39;ve walked them through alot of the features and the look on their faces when they realize it&#39;s potential is always the same, impressed and wanting. Samsung Gear S3.. Two thumbs up!
The Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch is a great looking watch with a quality finish that makes it look more like jewellery than a tech device.  Not only that, but it doesn’t need to be charged daily, which has become the norm with most new devices.  It seems to be well made and very solid, but not too heavy to wear comfortably.  This is my first smartwatch, but it is easy to navigate the operating system, with an intuitive interface, and many helpful apps such as a light, music, phone, messaging, email, timer, calculator, weather, games, etc.  It is great to be able to get notifications and hold conversations through it when paired with my Galaxy S6 phone, but it is also an excellent standalone device.  The many free watch faces suit pretty much any mood, working with the device is intuitive, and it even has a useful heart rate monitor.  I am an avid outdoors person and have taken it on many ski touring trips.  Without needing the Bluetooth pairing with my phone on, while on the trip, the GPS will still track my movement independently and when sync’d with my phone later, provide a detailed record of all relevant details like speed, distance, elevation, mapping, etc., through the Gear software on my phone.  It is amazing to see how much can be packed into this wrist watch, a very solid and good looking one at that.  A minor drawback is that, although it has an altimeter, there is no watch face that I could find that will display altitude along with the time.  It is frustrating too that if I become even the slightest bit active, the watch automatically begins tracking my activity as fitness with S Health, and this cannot be shut off.
The new Gear 3 by Samsung is the best smart watch on the market to date as it has all the new an improved health options you would want in the S-health app that track all possible exercise or daily activity you can imagine your are doing.  The battery life is outstanding as I have been able to get up to 4 days with 1 charge and was only able to get if lucky 2 days on the Gear 2.  Also the ability to answer notifications or phone calls on the Frontier is outstanding and works without any issues making life much easier.  This is definitely the watch I would recommend for people looking to be able to do all of your daily tasks right on your wrist at there are so many functions available you will be amazed.
The best smart watch available in today&#39;s market. Battery life is awesome. It has good third party apps. I really like it.
I have been using for 3 weeks and love it. The watch is feature packed with the smallest things that help simplify life. The most important of these features is the incredible battery life, even with the always on screen feature enabled (not default) i can easily get through at least 2 and a half days of active use. I find the screen to be extremely clear and very natural looking at times (does not seem digital). 

I also enjoy the watches capability to connect to the same network your phone is on so that you can walk around without carrying your phone and receive all your notifications. The simple little things such as the ability to choose widgets and place them in a prefered order really make me believe that Samsung placed the user experience first. I love having my favorite contact one swipe/rotation of the bezel away, as well as my calendar and spotify playlist.

I can go on and on about the amazing features of this product but i did want to point on one very minor issue I had and that was the band. I know the frontier band was designed for the active lifestyle and to match any fashion, and I enjoy the look, however if you have hairy arms the band starts irritating and causing my arm to sweat after a while. The simple solution to this is to buy a new band which Samsung, by using the standard 22mm size, has allowed us to do.
The Gear S3 is definitely the best smart watch i&#39;ve use and seen. 

It&#39;s beautiful, light, comfortable, the battery last for a few days, its&#39;s easy to use and it works well. Everything is top quality on this Samsung product and I would have paid the full price to get myself one. I&#39;ve had the chance to use the Frontier model and I will keep this watch without a doubt !

Samsung just set the bar really high for his competitors in the smartwatch industry ! I am really excited to see what Samsung can create next !
The reason I chose this watch was that I wanted a smart watch that did not look like a smart watch. It has a very elegant and also sporty apprarance eapecially with the always on feature. What really sold me was the wireless charging system. 
I&#39;m using this with an iphone and even though i am missing some features until an official version is released, it is still a great product. The battery life is closer to 1.5 days with moderate to heavy use. The 3-4 days stated is achievable if the watch isnt paired up using bluetooth. The apps for the watch are lacking right now, but in terms of build, construction, aethestics and functionability I would definitely choose this for a smart watch
Got my hands on sleek Beautiful Elegant Gear S3 almost a week  ago and since then I have been going crazy testing all the feature of this watch, come in a very nice stylish box with wireless charger 2 leather straps Small and a Large, Strap is think leather I feel Samsung could have done better with the strap given how elegant this watch looks, it is very stiff I will ordering a silicon strap soon. Also leather strap with active life style would not last long. Watch build quality is very good nice shiny chrome look, since I used Galaxy gear for 3 year so I had Gear app installed setting up was easy, watch gave a tutorial on how to navigate and good to go in less than 20 mins. 2 main features that were important to me are making and receiving Phone calls on the watch and S voice for texting opening apps and making phone calls and on both with passed with flying colours. Watch comes with faces installed or you can download free and paid faces, Navigating via option is very easy take few mins to get used to, watch has Bluetooth and WIFI, it copy Wi-Fi on your phone and its settings so no need to enter passwords the S health apps is pretty good how accurate is still the question but still give over all idea of an activity also it can nudge you if you have not been active for too long this watch can recognize Running, Rowing, Elliptical  and few other workouts automatically you can setup your work out on the watch and it track motion heart rate and other parameter I am also tracking my sleep with this watch but I think it is not that accurate but all of this would be fixed I am sure once user input will go to Samsung app developers. I have yet to test he walking and the GPS feature this watch come with Altimeter and barometer,  This  watch has Google Maps, Uber, fruit Ninja some of the apps but there is good collection of apps, being Tizen OS app collection is not as vast as Android. Watch has multilingual support for S voice and for keyboard inputs, for texting user can use handwriting, keyboard, emoji, predefined reply or S voice.  
Watches release in Canada does not come with Samsung pay the reason I can see could be Samsung pay is very new to Canada I hope it will be introduced in Canada soon. 
All in all very happy with the watch highly recommend if you are looking for a smart watch with many features
I&#39;ve had the watch for almost a month now! So far the experience has been great. A decent set of applications (for a smart watch), solid battery life (3 days with location and heart rate always on), some great features (you can make calls, text and respond to emails!!! using the watch...) handwriting detection is great as you can enter multiple characters at once (as much as you can fit... I can easily fit 3 at a time with my bigger fingers). Few bugs here and there that I have no doubt that they will be fixed with the next firmware update (froze once after my son played with it... restarted by holding the bottom button).
Let me start off by saying, I was one of the people that considered smart watches useless until I had gotten my hands on a Samsung Gear S3 Frontier.  I&#39;ve had the watch for 3 weeks now and I just absolutely love this watch. Everything works smoothly as it should and it provides style and functionality to my day. 

The setup process was a breeze using the Samsung Gear app. Browsing around the watch is a breeze by navigating around the menus with the dial, you can also use the touch interface. I&#39;ve gone ahead and setup the Samsung Gear S3 to have my favourite applications available by turning the dial to the right and you can always check notifications by turning the dial to the left.  I suggest anyone getting one to do this ASAP. The two other buttons on the device are placed where they should to provide a back button and a home button.

I have really fallen for the style of the frontier, I find that it provides a sporty and somewhat classy look that allows you to step it up by attaching a leather band and selecting a watch face to suit. You can also dial it down by selecting a regular digital watch face that allows you to monitor your daily activity. I find the watch to be comfortable and I have not encountered any issues wearing it.  As far as the quality of the device, I&#39;ve had a few run ins with some objects at times and I can not see any signs of damage on the watch face, casing or band. 

Now on to my favourite part of the Samsung Gear S3 is the battery. The screen is on all day and I receive at least 50 plus notifications a day. Furthermore I do have my brightness set to 4 at this present time and I find myself charging every 3- 4 days. I do take it off at night time to prolong the battery life cycle and I work in an office environment, If you work outside you may have to turn up the brightness to some degree and I would expect the watch drain much faster.


To sum this watch up It looks good, has functionality and the battery lasts longer than others! Whats not to like? If your on the fence about smart watches or your in the market for a smartwatch I can recommend  the gear S3.
This is a review of the Samsung Gear S3 Frontier. 
I had patiently waited for the smartwatch category to mature, refine itself,  and the Samsung Gear S3 Frontier is that product. I viewed any available video prior to opening the watch and the un-boxing complimented the brand, but the actual product quality was better than expected. It is slightly larger that the Gear S2 and has the weight of a quality European watch. The look and feel of the watch is premium and learning the functionality was intuitive and easy. It charges very quickly and the Bluetooth range is really impressive (more than anticipated). Once the watch was paired via Bluetooth on the phone (Samsung Note 5 - best phone ever) it worked flawlessly. The watch impressed not only me but everyone I showed it to. The ability to change watch faces is easy and constantly keeps the watch feeling like it is new (some watch faces rare larger in size than others Kb vs Mb so be mindful how many you download as it is easy to fill up memory. There are a lot of watch face options, both free and paid, and most of them integrate S-Heatlh features on to the watch front e.g. cumulative steps taken and heart rate. The bezel dial function is really impressive and seamlessly allows to access any functional Apps selected from the Gear function on the phone. You can rotate through email, texts, reminders, calendar, alarm and several SHealth settings just by turning the outer bezel. The display is really impressive and the Amoled screen is sharp, bright colorful. I have been extremely careful with the watch but the Gorilla Glass lens appears to really durable. The &quot;on&quot; and &quot;back&quot; buttons on the Frontier model are well engineered and finished. The plating on the watch body is again higher quality than expected. The watch band is rubber/silicon and it fits with sports positioning of the Frontier model; it has its benefits (easy to adjust) and drawbacks (does not slide on the wrist) but it can easily be changed for another Gear S3 band that has a quick change tab to remove and install it (again well engineered). The TIZEN operating system is very good and no issues, problems or concerns with it at all, and the battery life is really good with a two day use between charging if the &quot;always on display&quot; is turned off&quot;.  S-voice works quite well and reasonably accurate. Smart watches sell more for the fitness functions than they do for the watch functions but the Gear S3 has done a great job of merging the two. i didn&#39;t think I would use it as much as I do for checking text and email, but it is a great extension of the phone and can easily be checked when it is inconvenient or inappropriate to check the phone (e.g. in meetings). Answering calls can be done but the speaker is not the same as the phone and unless the watch is held up to the face, the phone you are talking to says the sound is hollow. I can say the when the watch is worn during exercise (e.g. running) it is a fantastic extension of the phone from a convenience perspective. It works well with the Samsung Music App on the phone and you can use it to remote access tracks on the phone.   There is always room for improvement and nothing is perfect so in providing a balance perspective there are some things that do require improvement including the sleep function (which assumes no movement equates to sleeping - not true) the heart rate (which is inaccurate, particularly if the watch is not tight against the arm so the sensor is in contact with the skin surface (e.g. reports heart rate at over 200 beats per minute - not true). Reminders to move are amazingly useful as it is easy to sit for too long while working and although I would not have thought this to be a useful feature I really appreciate it. Sometimes the watch does not turn on when the watch is turned to the face - but can be turned on by pressing the either button. The GPS feature does not work as intended but this may improve with upgrad
I&#39;m a month into wearing and using my Samsung Gear S3, and it is as if I have had the watch for an eternity. This is a brilliant piece of technology that does everything you&#39;d want a smart watch to do and then some.
I&#39;m absolutely in love with the Spotify App - I was a Spotify fan before, but now coupled with my Samsung On Wireless Headphones, simply connecting my Samsung Gear S3 to a wifi network and connecting my headphones to my Samsung Gear S3 via bluetooth, I can take my music to the gym, to the office and even doing vacuuming or housework around the home.
The watch really is stunning. It is always generating conversation with my co-workers who love the look and the features.
During weekend hikes, I am amazed at how accurate the GPS is in tracking and displaying my routes, distances, elevation changes, calories burned and more.
Whether I am attending a formal function using a classic watch face or just hanging out on the weekends, heading to the gym, or tracking activity and exercise, the Samsung Gear S3 is the perfect companion.
Without a doubt this is the best watch I have ever had on my wrist and it certainly puts to rest the need to look at any other smart watch options in the immediate future.
I could not be more pleased with my Samsung Gear S3, and I&#39;m thrilled to share with everyone the benefits that I believe clearly sets this device apart.
-Awesome watch.
- lots of cool feature and app.
- Nice size watch and not too heavy.
- Fitness tracking software is the best on the market...why buy a Fitbit when you can have everything in this watch, plus more.
- Built in speaker blew me away with the sound...very nice feature.
- My Apple using friends are envious of this watch!
Good going Samsung!
Need more app
I&#39;ve only had it for a few weeks and I can&#39;t imagine not having it. I love that it looks more like a regular dive watch than a miniature tablet strapped to my wrist.It is perfect for quickly viewing incoming messages without having to pull my phone out all the time and I like the reminders to get moving when I&#39;ve been sitting at my desk to long. It is very simple to use, you don&#39;t have to be a tech geek to figure it out.
I enjoyed the previous version (gear S2) and couldn't wait to get my hands on this model. The new bezel design and rugged buttons are super gorgeous combined with the gunmetal dark color.

The rotating bezel is much more refined although it seems "clicky" by touch and not firmly stable. The new watch faces and improved battery life is a major improvment as well.

Hoping to get stronger software upgrade to search internet (flight info, news, or any other inquiry - similar to android wear) with voice command.

Thanks.
I own several watches (automatic) and Ive always wanted a smart watch.  I was looking at the Tag connected, I saw it in person and didnt like the plastic look that it gave... or the price.  Insiders asked me to look at the Samsung S3.  I love the look over the Tag.  The functionality too!  Great apps that make this watch the one Im wearing the most!  To be able to see texts and email with a twist of the wrist while driving is a hug bonus!  #InsidersGearS3, @TheInsidersCanada and @SamsungCanada
This is my forth Samsung Gear Smartwatch. So far it is my favorite one by far.
The watch has a classic look and the multitude of faces that can be downloaded allows me to change the look as the mood fits. 
It fits very well and is comfortable on my wrist. I don't have to worry about it getting wet as it is waterproof. The rotating bezel makes it easy to switch between apps.
When I get emails or texts, I can give a quick glance at the watch to see the message without having to pull my phone out of my pocket.
Sometimes I get phone calls when my phone is in another room, my watch allows me to answer like Dick Tracy without missing the call.

When I got my first smart watch it was more of a gadget and toy, now it's turning into a well used tool.

I have not even touched on the health monitoring features or the plethora of apps that can be downloaded that allow the watch to perform so many tasks.

I highly recommend the Samsung Gear S3 to anybody looking for a smartwatch.

#insidersgears3 #bestsmartwatch #samsunggears3
I have been using the Samsung Gear S3 Frontier for almost a month and the one word I can think of to offer my opinion is WOW. This is my third Samsung Smart watch. And this is the best yet. The ease of use is amazing and the features are outstanding. My favorite features is the GPS and with 4 GB I have downloaded all of my favorite workout music. I can now go for my workout and leave without my phone . I have also spent this month comparing the provided info to another fitness tracker that is one of the top recommended trackers. My conclusion is I no longer need to use both because the Gear 3 is almost identical in all info. And S Health gives the same (if not more) on the phone app. So for those out there that use a watch and a tracker you can combine both into what is a very stylish watch and fitness tracker.
This watch is pretty cool, I have tried some other types- Fitbit etc. They do not stand up to this in no regard, Out of the box, connected to my LG Smart Phone, Blue tooth speaker and headset and really easy to use. I do not need hundreds of apps, but the ones that are present are bang on, also the watch is very rugged and classy at the same time. I own many Samsung devices and have not gone wrong with any of them!
It's a great looking, well built, fast watch.  Maybe fast is bit of a weird description for a watch, but the interface is smooth with no lag or slow down.  Everything works as expected and battery last reasonably long, definitely not advertised long, but better than most android wear equivalents.  While it's a great watch itself, the apps ecosystem is a bit lacking, otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
Samsung Pay is not working in Canadian Model, be aware!!!
I have never owned a smart watch and have only had my Samsung Gear S3 Frontier for a week now so I am still getting used to all the things this amazing watch can do. Thus, far I can say that I am thoroughly pleased with the performance and comfort when wearing the watch. The watch itself I find is not very heavy or bulky and that can be enough to turn some people away from purchasing a watch. I chose the Frontier model because I am an active individual and liked the rugged, durable look to it vs the classic. One thing I did do after a few days was purchase a different band because I found the band that came with the watch to be “stiff.”
Some of the features that I really like are being able to respond to text messages by writing on the watch, being able to answer and make phone calls from my watch and the fact that I can change my watch face everyday with ease if I want to. Those are just a few of the features that I like about this watch. Once I have a little more time to sit down, dive in and play with the watch I am sure to find more things I love about this smart watch.  I would highly recommend this smart watch to anyone that is looking to upgrade from a previous Samsung Gear model or someone that is looking to buy a smart watch. You will not be disappointed.
I have never been so happy to have something so sleek on my wrist keeping track of all my movements. As i'm typing this it's telling me that I have been resting for too long. It keeps me motivated and wanting to do more! There's nothing better then having your heart rate monitor, phone, tracker and music player in one near you. 

If your thinking about getting one..... DO IT! Trust me you won't be sorry.
I have had my watch for a few weeks now, and the integration of the phone to the watch is wonderful!  I never thought I would be doing so much from my wrist, texting making phone calls, replying to texts, checking steps taken as well as the total number of floors climbed for the day!  Sure there are other fitness trackers out there, but having switched from another brand to this one, I am sure glad I did!  This watch is an excellent addition to the busy person on the move.  Since getting this phone, I have hardly used my phone and do most everything from my watch now.  Away from your phone, and have a text come in, but are away from you phone?  No problem, check your wrist and if needed reply right way in real time!

My only complaint would be battery life so far usually around 2 days, but I guess it isn't that bad considering how much I am using it, and I typically go a day without charging my phone so maybe it isn't that bad.  I just wish also that it would charge a bit faster usually around 2+ hours.  When you are used to the quick charge function of the S7, 2+ hours seems to take forever.

I also wish that the strap was more flexible, and maybe that will come with time.  I will look into upgrading to either a leather or a metal type of strap, mostly for comfort.  I can't seem to get the correct sizing it is either too big, or too tight on my wrist leaving marks.

I wouldn't hesitate to purchase this product at all!  Before this watch, I would think "who wants to use their watch for anything but telling time", but let me tell you, it is an excellent addition for my life!
I've been waiting for years to buy a smartwatch that I thought would be an
acceptable replacement for my real watch. My primary concern was battery
life. If I have to charge it up every few hours it's worthless. This watch
meets my expectations. They advertise 4 days, I expected it to last more
than 1 day, and it does.

I like the rotating bezil so my fingers aren't all over the screen when I'm
trying to do something.

The buttons and general build feel good. I don't like the rubber watch
band, but it looks reaonsable and it is comfortable.

The watchface and text are crisp and easy to read. Pictures are okay, but
no one is going to be impressed by them.

I am a little dissappointed with the selection of watch faces and apps.
Samsung did a pretty good job providing a few essential apps...
stopwatch, timer, alarm, and S-Health are all pretty good.. but I would
have thought that developers could easily make better versions of those.

There are lots of watch faces, but most of them are pretty childish, or
are trying to pretend that this is a mechanical watch. It's actually very
difficult to find a good one. I am very annoyed because the vast majority
of the analog watchfaces also display a digital version of the same time.
To me it's a big waste of space.

All round this is a great watch. I'm just hoping that some developers will
make cool apps for it.
Such an amazing watch. It would be difficult to tell everywhere everything that is good about it but pretty much everything about this watch is top notch.  Battery life 4 days + for me, I love the clicky feeling with the bezel, I like that you can shower if you happen to forget taking it off. 
the HR monitor is set to every 10 minutes and I still get 4 + days battery.
I get compliments all the time, even my doctor was asking me about the watch when he saw me wearing it.

I'm not concerned about the lack of third party apps at this time, I use it as a watch plus notifications / HR monitor / Sleep tracking.  Basically everything not fitness related.
Samsung's Gear S3 Frontier is a great smartwatch for Android device owners. Keeping in mind that the functionality is limited when used with a non-Samsung device because of software since it uses the Samsung's own Tizen software. Samsung Pay works independently of the phone and is a stand alone app (It is however not available in Canada), so you can have it connected with a non-Samsung phone and still be able to use Samsung Pay.I used this with my Note 3 which is an old phone and it has been working very well so far. I also tested it with an LG G4 briefly, in both cases the setup process was very simple. The smartwatch gives notifications in an organized manner that are very easy to remove once done being read. Fitness tracking on this watch is fantastic as well with the pedometer being quite accurate in the tests as well as the heart beat sensor. There are quite a lot of preset workout options to choose from. As far as the applications go there are many default loaded apps including but not limited to: Phone, Messages, Weather, S-Health, Music, Contacts, Calendar etc. imagine it as a mini smartphone on your wrist. The Samsung app store does lack applications, at least for now. But overall there are a lot of customization options for watch faces etc. All in all this is a fantastic smartwatch that is very worth the price especially on sale, this would be 5 star review because the Tizen app store is still lacking apps. It is great for any Android user!
To keep thing simple, I'll list things in point form.

Pros:
- main watch body has a good build quality feel to it.
- Built-in speaker is pretty loud for it's size
- Built-in mic is pretty good too, but not perfect
- great for checking notifications, time, and weather without having to pull out the phone all the time.
- a lot of different watch faces available (some free, others paid)
- Battery lasting on average of 3-days (using a simple black watch face)
- Can easily replace watch band with other 22MM bands

Cons:
- not a lot of apps are available that I find useful
- included watch bands are uncomfortable, especially when wearing for a long period of time.
- Built-in mic works well when in a quiet environment and at about chest level.
- no LTE support on Canadian version
- built-in GPS only works when running in standalone mode (not paired to phone) otherwise, it will use the phone's GPS. (Most likely to prolong watch battery life)
- must be paired by bluetooth in order to have all features working (phone calls, text messages, etc.).
- Lot of watch faces made for other smart watches and don't look good on the S3 (Blurry, small text, etc.)
- Some watch faces drain battery on watch.
- having watch paired to phone all the time causes phone battery to drain a lot faster (using Samsung Note 2)
- quite bulky 
- Dial on watch turns too easily. Pulling my sleeve up tends to cause it to turn quite often.

Despite having more Cons, the watch overall is very nice and convenient. Just hope Samsung will update the software to bring more useful features and allow more support with 3rd party apps as a lot of them require you to pull out your phone when wanting to reply to a message or delete an email.

I'd say this watch is more for a techie person than it is for a regular person as I find it is more for of a cool factor than anything.
So far so good.  Use it skiing when I don't want to pull my phone out.  Could use some more apps.  The watch band is not that great, replacing it asap.  battery life has been pretty good, turned off some functions but running gps full time.  Easily getting two and half to three days between charges.
i find the watch very reliable and fast.  but totally useless as they are no good apps.  one or two apps..  thats it..  what a shame.  they should try to port Android apps
I've had this watch for a bout 1 month's time now. It is definitely a solid performer as far as smartwatches go.

I've owned one other smartwatch before this one (Moto 360, 1st gen.). It was a good watch, and I definitely appreciated the potential of the Android Wear ecosystem. However, it did not always manage to last the whole day in terms of power charge. After using ot for a little over a year, it did not even manage to las the whole workday!

In this respect, the Gear S3 Frontier is a Champion! Though I'm still in the habit of recharging it on the dock overnight, on the one occasion when I didn't do so, it made it through my second day just fine, with about 15-20% charge to spare. You can also disable some of the radios to save extra juice.

I had my doubts about Tizen as an OS, but form what I've seen of it thus far, it appears to perform just fine. The most common tasks that I expect from a smartwatch (check weather, steps, notifications) are available and responsive.

If I had one gripe, it would be S Voice. It is not as intuitive a voice recognition system as Android Wear was, in terms of the breadth of activities and apps you could control. However, this isn't really what I use voice control for, as I'm mostly sending or responding to text messages. S Voice is capable enough for this, so I can't really knock it for that.

All in all, this watch is the most pleasant experience I've had with smartwatches thus far. I'm sure I'll learn more about its extensive features over time, but thus far, I'm loving it!
I have the classic version for two weeks now and I can't see Santa was a genius with this smartwatch Thanks  #InsidersGearS3, @TheInsidersCanada and @SamsungCanada one of the best gift I had from Santa. 
Nice, elegant, easy to use not too big, not too small, good mic and speaker, saving my Samsung cell phone battery too. Life time battery up to three days using Watch always on feature set as off, you can’t expect more than dat.  Great too for workout, for reading emails, answer text and WhatsApp messages.
I hope the future updates will add few more sports on the sports list as tennis, golf and sking. Other than that, is all I expected from Samsung gear S3.
bar none best watch ever ownd,does it all
I really like how this watch looks like a real watch and not some gimmicky wrist calculator. I've only really used one of the watch faces but I can see the advantage of having different ones for different occasions. I was also worried about the battery life but so far it's been great, 4 days of use easily and 6ish if I turn the watch off at night (who really needs their watch turned on at night anyways)
Broke free from Apple. So many options and features!  Build is terrific.  Strong and good looking.  Looks like a analog watch from a glance.
Très bon produit très satisfait et en plus livraison très rapide 4 à 5 jours
10/10 build quality
I really only needed this laptop for school but it allows me to do some photo editing too which is great for quick fixes and so far it&#39;s been holding up! Let&#39;s hope for the best also loving touch screen!
Bought this computer as a Christmas gift for my wife. Today is new years and it has froze a few times, and restarted itself once.  We haven&#39;t even tried to put our files off our old computer onto it yet
Very disappointed in this laptop.
Has not worked properly since the first night it was turned on.
When it was first turned on, the assistant wanted to download 9 updates.
Made it through the first six no problem. Partway through the seventh download
something went wrong and it just kept trying to download. For five hours.
Finally shut it down and called it a day. Since then it will access the internet
somewhat, but not much else. Still will not do updates. I have written this review
on my old laptop because the new one will not access email, outlook ,etc...
Save your money and buy something else. That&#39;s what I&#39;m going to do.
This was my first time buying any electronic online. I wasn&#39;t sure what to expect, I usually go in store to check out features etc. so when I opened the computer it started right away it did some updates and away I go. after using the laptop for the day I was wondering why some things on the laptop wasn&#39;t working and it was a little slow. I was getting worried that this computer was not so good. I then check for updates manually in the settings and sure enough it needed to install more updates. Ever since those updates the Laptop works awesome! I love this computer! it&#39;s a lot to learn when your not familiar with windows 10.  I love the Cortana feature and I love how this laptop works as a cell phone. I love how it can upload pictures from my phone and my husbands phone. there is so much I like about it but too much to say!

so if your looking for a good everyday family and children laptop than I suggest this one! great computer.
Customer service was great and took the product back.
Less than stellar, price point way too high, returned.
So far so good.  No issues after a week.
I purchased this computer in October of 2016  It is a fantastic computer but the only down fall is the battery life it only last approximately 2 hours
WHen power level gets below 75% they shut down after 1 minute, can&#39;t restart for a minute or two  If lucky get an hour play time, recharge takes a LONG time as well
Very happy to share my thoughts about this product based on my experience.

I was very disappointed given the new product release from a high quality manufacturer, advice from Best Buy sales rep and the price.

Comfort: I found it uncomfortable despite trying all of the different sized tips and the over-ear hook didn&#39;t keep it in place consistently. Also, the flat cord created tangling and tugging on one side or the other during exercise movement so I usually wore the cord in front instead of the back of the neck where it is intended

Sound quality: pretty good when I managed to keep them in place but lacking in depth

Connectivity: always connected and had good range but I often struggled to get it going on start-up - Both with my Windows phone and my iPad.

After trying this and a couple of other wireless in-ear sport headphones I bought the Bose Soundsport and it outperforms this headset in every category

Hope this helps your buying decision
1. volume not loud enough
2.doesnt sit good if u have larger ears
3. carrying case is cheap,  Beats 2 had a better quality case
So it not decent noise cancelling like Bose QC 35 or Sony mdr 1000x. 

There bounds to be ambient sounds incoming,  but that for safety in case one exercise outdoor (incoming cars or bikes) 

Used it for couple days and I'm amazed how long lasting the battery is. (don't need to charge for 2 days,  plus I carry a Powerbank so that's 12HR+)

The fast charge (or fuel charge) is very useful when you are low on juice. 

The clip is comfy and the buds that came with it fit nicely too (there are other sizes inside the box)

One thing I like to point out is the Mic during phone call is decent (not as good when I use qc 35) but it mainly for work out so I wouldn't mind too much. 

Overall, I enjoy the earphone very much.  Love the design and excellent battery life.

Update: I know the pb3 is design for iPhone mainly for w1 chip, but I've tried on note 4, nexus and oneplus 3)
